**Scene: A Cozy Cafe**

SARAH: I'm so glad we decided to come here today. This cafe is my favorite.

MIKE: Mine too. I love the atmosphere. It's so cozy and intimate.

SARAH: Exactly. It feels like our own little world in here. So, what's on your mind? You seemed a bit distant earlier.

MIKE: I was just thinking about us, and how lucky I am to have you in my life. You make every day brighter, Sarah.

SARAH: Aw, that's sweet of you to say. I feel the same way about you. You have a way of making me feel seen and heard in a way that no one else ever has.

MIKE: That means a lot to me. I want to always be there for you, to support you and make you happy.

SARAH: You do make me happy, Mike. You have a way of knowing exactly what to say and do to put a smile on my face.

MIKE: I try my best. But I have to say, I'm a little curious... what do you think is the key to a happy relationship?

SARAH: Hmm, that's a great question. For me, I think it's all about communication and trust. When we can talk openly and honestly with each other, and trust that the other person will be there to support us, that's when the magic happens.

MIKE: I couldn't agree more. And I think laughter is important too. We should always be able to laugh together, even on the tough days.

SARAH: Absolutely. Laughter is the best medicine, after all. And speaking of tough days, how do you think we handle conflicts or disagreements?

MIKE: Well, I think we're pretty good at talking things through and finding a compromise. We don't always see eye to eye, but we always manage to work things out in the end.

SARAH: Yeah, I think you're right. And I think that's because we both value our relationship and are willing to put in the effort to make it work.

MIKE: Exactly. So, what do you say we make a pact to always communicate openly and honestly with each other, and to never go to bed angry?

SARAH: I'd like that. And I promise to always support you and make you laugh, even on your grumpiest days.

MIKE: Deal! And I promise to do the same for you. I love you, Sarah.

SARAH: I love you too, Mike.